# Ponicode

## An AI-Powered Unit Testing Tool

Ponicode is a quick and easy AI-powered solution for Javascript, Typescript & Python unit testing.

Create your unit tests easily in VS Code. Choose from the suggestions generated by our Machine Learning models.

Achieve high test coverage without writing a single line of code.

Learn more about Ponicode on [ponicode.com](https://ponicode.com).

## Setup

Once you have installed the VS Code Extension, head to [app.ponicode.com](https://app.ponicode.com) to sign in and complete activation. A OTP number provided upon installation extension will be required to activate your free licence.

You can find more information [in our docs](https://www.ponicode.com/docs/get-started/installation).

## Use

As you open any JS, TS or Python file, the Ponicode icon appears next to some functions, indicating that Ponicode can help you test them.

Right click on the function and select "Ponicode Unit Test" to open the unit testing interface where all inputs will appear.

Here, you can:

- Use the interface to manually enter the values you want to test your function with.
- Retrieve the values that transit through your functions as you run your application in your development environment, and use these values to generate realistic test cases.
- Choose from the test case suggestions provided by Ponicode's AI engine

Ponicode then takes care of creating and writing the test file for you, using correct syntax.

You can configure file location and naming convention according to your preference.

The generated test files are updated in real time as you use the Ponicode interface.

## Supported languages and test frameworks

|  Language  | Test framework |
| :--------: | :------------: |
| JavaScript |      Jest      |
| TypeScript |      Jest      |
|   Python   |     Pytest     |

## Why Ponicode?

Ponicode can be used to create unit tests quickly and easily in VS Code.

Push your function to its limits with relevant edge cases suggested by our AI and ensure maximum test coverage for your project.

If you already have unit tests in your code base, you can use Ponicode to visualise them and modify them easily.

Ponicode is also suitable for test-driven development. Just write the prototype of your function, create your unit tests on the interface and then write the body of your function, watching the different test cases turn green. The interface allows you to see which tests pass and which fail.

You can also use Ponicode simply to view the input and output values of functions called while you run your application in your development environment, a bit as if it was a debugger.

## Supported environments

Ponicode is currently available on VS Code as an extension.
We are also working on a Github Action for bulk generation of Unit Tests.

You can keep up to date with our latest releases and updates by following our Twitter account [@PonicodeDev](https://twitter.com/PonicodeDev).

## Documentation

You can find our documentation at [ponicode.com/docs](https://ponicode.com/docs).

## Support

For all requests, remarks, feedback or other, please contact us at ping@ponicode.com or contact us through the chat on our website [ponicode.com](https://ponicode.com).

## Team

We are a passionate and multinational team with a genuine desire to create groundbreaking technology and practical solutions for developers.

To get to know us better or to contact us, follow the link here: [ponicode.com/about](https://ponicode.com/about)

## Credits

This extension uses images from [vscode-coverage-gutters](https://github.com/ryanluker/vscode-coverage-gutters), which is licensed under MIT.

## Keywords

coverage easy expect instant jest mocking painless test testing tdd bdd lowcode vscode ai artificial-intelligence javascript typescript python
